[Music]
I like to be dirty passion
should divorce us that's a lot
Too logical I stand by
it does not matter what the conditions we are
rates
This is not an insult I see
not so
[Applause]
all you do is just for you if
we happen to have somebody else in it
we were lucky
Sometimes it happens that you look for
his demeanor is ashamed to hear me
123 do you see what I do every day
has to go through stress
nobody on the world led help
you have to do it yourself we are
all alone never leaves it no me
am there people as I do not want
compassion
you want to respect every human being
weaknesses
mine is that I love him
[Music]
you would only have these glasses for yours
my sweetheart shot
[Music]